This program is created to implement a model of cell cytoskeleton.
The text here is a simple explanation of how to run the program **lattice**
with the provided parameter file *param.dat* with an explanation of each fields and
their range.

**Fields:**
*Link* is the network density. Range [0.5,1.0].
*Rest* is the rest length of the elastic bonds (segments), should be set to 1.
*Radius* is the maximal distance for points when initializing the network.
*Force_M* is the magnitude of the force dipoles. Range [0.1, 10].
*Spring* is the spring constant of the elastic bonds. Range [128, 1024].
*Myo* is the dipoles density. Range [0.1,1.0]
*Bend* is the bending rigidity of the elastic bonds, should be set to 1.
*Outer* **enelever!!!**
*Ratio* is the ratio between the given contour file and the created system. All length will be divided by this value.
*Persist* **enlever**
*AnchorRatio* is the fraction of lattice nodes that are not fixed. Range [0.95-0.99]
*Matrix* Coordinates defining the lattice unit cell. This shouldn't be changed
*Reference* Reference of the run, the parameters will automatically be added.
*Cell* Initial outline file. There is a sample outline available on the repository.

**Precisions:**
The *Cell* file contains the positions of the vectices of a polygon. Each line contains the coordinates of one point, the coordinates are separated by a single space.

**Produced Files:**
The program creates a series of files describing the system. All files have the same suffix generated by the reference given as *Reference* in the parameter file
along with the principal parameters of the run. Here's a short description of the different files.

* *boundpoints* list of the indices of the anchors, the index refers to the *positions* files.
* *dipoles_debut* list of the initial positions of the dipoles, i.e. the positions of the pairs of points forming dipoles.
* *dipoles_density* **enlever?** 
* *dipoles_final* list of the final positions of the dipoles.
* *dipoles_indexes* list of the indices of the points forming dipoles, the index refers to the *positions* files.
* *forces* list of vectorial forces.
* *forces_norms* list of the norms of the forces, each entry consists of 2 lines, first line the coordinates of the point of application of the force, the second line is the norm.
* *gradients* list of the gradient of the energy of the system.
* *hinges* list of the hinges of the system. Indices refer to *positions* files.
* *network* **enlever**
* *outpoints* list of positions of the anchors.
* *positions_debut* list of the initial positions of the nodes. The list follows the indexing of the nodes during the run.
* *positions_final* list of the final positions of the nodes. The list follows the indexing of the nodes during the run.
* *state_debut* also a list of the initial positions of the nodes but hinge by hinge. Thus each group of 3 nodes gives a hinge. The list follows the indexing of the hinges.
* *state_final* same as *state_debut* but for final positions.


For any question concerning this program write to zeno.messi@epfl.ch.

